docs/wksp/05-use-cases/index.md, before:

# Deep-Dive into AI Use-Cases 

In this module, we will undertake a comprehensive exploration of [Project Miyagi](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/miyagi) and the [Reddog](https://github.com/Azure/reddog-solutions) codebase. This deep dive will highlight a range of use-cases that can be adopted into your own applications, thereby enabling you to infuse AI technologies to address the diverse needs of your end users.

## Use Cases

1. [Synthesis](./synthesis.md): Learn how information is synthesized in Miyagi to generate insights, orchestrated by Semantic Kernel.
2. [Multi-modal Generation](./generation.md): Discover how Generative AI is used in Miyagi and Reddog to generate text, images, and videos.
3. [Conversation](./generation.md): Deep-dive into how Miyagi Chatbot is built using Semantic Kernel's Copilot Chat, which you can leverage to build your own Copilot.
4. [Summarization](./generation.md): Understand how to create TL/DRs in your apps using Miyagi's example.
5. [Translation](./generation.md): Language translation.
6. [Classification](./generation.md): Explore how Miyagi uses SK to classify expense categories.
7. [Speech-to-Text](./generation.md): Leverage Whisper to perform SoTA speech-to-text, which is used in Miyagi chatbot.
8. [Semantic/Neural Search](./generation.md): Learn how to improve search results with AI's understanding of context.
9. [Anomaly Detection](./generation.md): Discover how AI can identify unusual patterns that could indicate potential issues.
10. [Plugins](./generation.md): Understand how to extend and enhance your applications with ChatGPT and BingChat plugins.

Commit message:

add agentic planning use case

docs/wksp/05-use-cases/index.md, after:

# Deep-Dive into AI Use-Cases 

In this module, we will undertake a comprehensive exploration of [Project Miyagi](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/miyagi) and the [Reddog](https://github.com/Azure/reddog-solutions) codebase. This deep dive will highlight a range of use-cases that can be adopted into your own applications, thereby enabling you to infuse AI technologies to address the diverse needs of your end users.

## Use Cases

1. [Synthesis](./synthesis.md): Learn how information is synthesized in Miyagi to generate insights, orchestrated by Semantic Kernel.
2. [Multi-modal Generation](./generation.md): Discover how Generative AI is used in Miyagi and Reddog to generate text, images, and videos.
3. [Conversation](./synthesis.md): Deep-dive into how Miyagi Chatbot is built using Semantic Kernel's Copilot Chat, which you can leverage to build your own Copilot.
4. [Summarization](./synthesis.md): Understand how to create TL/DRs in your apps using Miyagi's example.
5. [Translation](./synthesis.md): Language translation.
6. [Classification](./synthesis.md): Explore how Miyagi uses SK to classify expense categories.
7. [Speech-to-Text](./synthesis.md): Leverage Whisper to perform SoTA speech-to-text, which is used in Miyagi chatbot.
8. [Semantic/Neural Search](./synthesis.md): Learn how to improve search results with AI's understanding of context.
9. [Anomaly Detection](./synthesis.md): Discover how AI can identify unusual patterns that could indicate potential issues.
10. [Plugins](./synthesis.md): Understand how to extend and enhance your applications with ChatGPT and BingChat plugins.
11. [Agency and Planning](./synthesis.md): Learn how Miyagi uses SK's planner and Jarvis for agentic planning to rebalace portfolio based on user's preferences.
