docs/wksp/05-semantic-kernel-workshop/simple-ai-orchestration/pre-reqs.md, before:

# Prerequisites

Before attending the Intelligent App Development Workshop, please ensure you have the following prerequisites in place:

1. **Azure account**: A Microsoft Azure account with an active subscription. If you don't have one, sign up for a [free trial](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/free/).
1. **Azure subscription with access enabled for the Azure OpenAI Service** - For more details, see the [Azure OpenAI Service documentation on how to get access](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/openai/overview#how-do-i-get-access-to-azure-openai). 
1. **Azure OpenAI resource** - For this workshop, you'll need to deploy at least one model such as GPT 4. See the Azure OpenAI Service documentation for more details on [deploying models](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/openai/how-to/create-resource?pivots=web-portal) and [model availability](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/openai/concepts/models).

## Development Environment Setup

You have the option of using [Github Codespaces](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/getting-started/quickstart) or your local development environment.

### Using Github Codespaces (recommmended)

If using Github Codespaces all prerequisites will be pre-installed, however you will need to create a fork as follows:

1. Navigate to this link to create a new [fork](https://github.com/Azure/intelligent-app-workshop/fork) (must be logged into your github account).
1. Accept the default values and click on **"Create fork"** which will take you to the forked repository in the browser.
1. From your forked repository click on the **"<> Code"** button. Then click on the **"Create codespace on main"** button.

### Using local development environment

If you prefer using a computer with using a local development environment, the following pre-requisites need to be installed:

1. **Git**: Ensure you have [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) installed on your computer.
1. **Azure CLI**: Install the [Azure Command-Line Interface (CLI)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli) to interact with Azure services and manage resources from the command line.
1. **.NET SDK**: install [.NET SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download) to build and run .NET projects.
1. **Docker**: Install [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop) to build and run containerized applications.
1. **Node.Js**: Install [Node.Js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager) to build and run web application.
1. **Azure Development CLI**: Install [azd](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/developer/azure-developer-cli/install-azd) to be able to provision and deploy application to Azure.
1. **bash/shell terminal**: the lessons assume bash/shell script syntax. If using Windows, either you can either using Git Bash (included when you install Git) or installing [WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install).

Next you will need to clone this repo using:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Azure/intelligent-app-workshop.git
```

Change directory into cloned repo:

```bash
cd intelligent-app-workshop
```

## Initial Setup

1. Copy and rename the file `appsettings.json.example` into the corresponding lesson directory as follows (example command for Lesson1):

    ```bash
    cp workshop/dotnet/Lessons/appsettings.json.example workshop/dotnet/Lessons/Lesson1/appsettings.json
    ```

1. Create Azure OpenAI Service and retrieve the Endpoint URL, API Key and deployed model name then update newly created `appsettings.json`

    1. Get Azure OpenAI access values (from Azure Portal):
        1. First we need to create a new Azure OpenAI Service, so let's start there. Go to the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com).
        1. Click on [Create A Resource](https://ms.portal.azure.com/#create/hub)
        1. On the search bar type **Azure OpenAI** and hit enter
        1. Locate **Azure OpenAI** and click **Create**
        1. On the **Create Azure OpeanAI** page, provide the following information for the fields on the Basics tab:
            * Subscription: The Azure subscription to used for your service.
            * Resource group: The Azure resource group to contain your Azure OpenAI service resource. You can create a new group or use a pre-existing group.
            * Region: The location of your instance. Different locations can introduce latency, but they don't affect the runtime availability of your resource.
            * Name: A descriptive and unique name for your Azure AI Service resource, such as `aoai-intelligent-app-workshop-myid`.
            * Pricing Tier: The pricing tier for the resource. Currently, only the `Standard S0` tier is available for the Azure AI Service.
            * Check the box to acknowledge that you have read and understood all the Responsible AI notices.
        1. Click **Next**.
        1. Review default **Network** values and click **Next**
        1. On the **Tags** tab click **Next**
        1. Click **Create**.
        1. From the deployment page, wait for the deployment to complete and then click **Go to resource**
        1. Expand the **Resource Management** section in the sidebar (menu at left)
        1. Click the **Keys and Endpoint** option - you should see the following: KEY 1, KEY 2 and Endpoint.
        1. Copy the **KEY 1** value and paste it into the **apiKey** value within the `OpenAI` element in the `appsettings.json` file.
        1. Copy the **Endpoint** value and paste it as the **endpoint** value within the `OpenAI` element in the `appsettings.json` file.

            ![Azure Open AI Keys and Endpoint](./images/keys-and-endpoint.jpg)

        Next, we need to create deployments from the Azure OpenAI models.

        1. Click the **Model deployments** option in the sidebar (left menu) for Azure OpenAI resource.
        1. In the destination page, click **Manage Deployments**
        1. (Optional) You can directly navigate to the [Azure AI Foundry portal](https://oai.azure.com).

        This will take you to the Azure AI Foundry website, where we'll find the other values as described below.

    1. Create and get Azure OpenAI deployment value (from Azure AI Foundry):

        1. Navigate to [Azure AI Foundry](https://oai.azure.com) **from your resource** as described above.
        1. Click the **Deployments** tab (sidebar, left) to view currently deployed models.
        1. If your desired model is not deployed, click on **Deploy Model** then select to **Deploy Base Model**.
        1. You will need a chat completion model. For this workshop we recommend using `gpt-4o`. Select `gpt-4o` from the drop down and click **Confirm**.
        1. Accept the default `gpt-4o` values and click **Deploy**
            ![Terminal](./images/deploy-model.jpg)
        1. Update `appsettings.json` deploymentName field with your model deployment name.
        1. Use the **Deployment Name** value (e.g. gpt-4o) as the **deploymentName** value within the `OpenAI` element in the `appsettings.json` file.

1. Additionally, we need to obtain an API Key to be able to get stock prices from [polygon.io](https://polygon.io/dashboard/login). You can sign up for a free API Key by creating a login. This value will be needed for [Lesson 3](lesson3.md).
    1. Once logged in, from the [polygon.io Dashboard](https://polygon.io/dashboard) locate the **Keys** section. Copy the default key value and paste it as the **apiKey** value within the `StockService` element in the `appsettings.json` file.

By ensuring you have completed these prerequisites, you'll be well-prepared to dive into the Intelligent App Development Workshop and make the most of the hands-on learning experience.

Commit message:

Added lesson 4 - web search engine plugin

docs/wksp/05-semantic-kernel-workshop/simple-ai-orchestration/pre-reqs.md, after:

# Prerequisites

Before attending the Intelligent App Development Workshop, please ensure you have the following prerequisites in place:

1. **Azure account**: A Microsoft Azure account with an active subscription. If you don't have one, sign up for a [free trial](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/free/).
1. **Azure subscription with access enabled for the Azure OpenAI Service** - For more details, see the [Azure OpenAI Service documentation on how to get access](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/openai/overview#how-do-i-get-access-to-azure-openai). 
1. **Azure OpenAI resource** - For this workshop, you'll need to deploy at least one model such as GPT 4. See the Azure OpenAI Service documentation for more details on [deploying models](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/openai/how-to/create-resource?pivots=web-portal) and [model availability](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/openai/concepts/models).

## Development Environment Setup

You have the option of using [Github Codespaces](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/getting-started/quickstart) or your local development environment.

### Using Github Codespaces (recommmended)

If using Github Codespaces all prerequisites will be pre-installed, however you will need to create a fork as follows:

1. Navigate to this link to create a new [fork](https://github.com/Azure/intelligent-app-workshop/fork) (must be logged into your github account).
1. Accept the default values and click on **"Create fork"** which will take you to the forked repository in the browser.
1. From your forked repository click on the **"<> Code"** button. Then click on the **"Create codespace on main"** button.

### Using local development environment

If you prefer using a computer with using a local development environment, the following pre-requisites need to be installed:

1. **Git**: Ensure you have [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) installed on your computer.
1. **Azure CLI**: Install the [Azure Command-Line Interface (CLI)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli) to interact with Azure services and manage resources from the command line.
1. **.NET SDK**: install [.NET SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download) to build and run .NET projects.
1. **Docker**: Install [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop) to build and run containerized applications.
1. **Node.Js**: Install [Node.Js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager) to build and run web application.
1. **Azure Development CLI**: Install [azd](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/developer/azure-developer-cli/install-azd) to be able to provision and deploy application to Azure.
1. **bash/shell terminal**: the lessons assume bash/shell script syntax. If using Windows, either you can either using Git Bash (included when you install Git) or installing [WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install).

Next you will need to clone this repo using:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Azure/intelligent-app-workshop.git
```

Change directory into cloned repo:

```bash
cd intelligent-app-workshop
```

## Initial Setup

1. Copy and rename the file `appsettings.json.example` into the corresponding lesson directory as follows (example command for Lesson1):

    ```bash
    cp workshop/dotnet/Lessons/appsettings.json.example workshop/dotnet/Lessons/Lesson1/appsettings.json
    ```

1. Create Azure OpenAI Service and retrieve the Endpoint URL, API Key and deployed model name then update newly created `appsettings.json`

    1. Get Azure OpenAI access values (from Azure Portal):
        1. First we need to create a new Azure OpenAI Service, so let's start there. Go to the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com).
        1. Click on [Create A Resource](https://ms.portal.azure.com/#create/hub)
        1. On the search bar type **Azure OpenAI** and hit enter
        1. Locate **Azure OpenAI** and click **Create**
        1. On the **Create Azure OpeanAI** page, provide the following information for the fields on the Basics tab:
            * Subscription: The Azure subscription to used for your service.
            * Resource group: The Azure resource group to contain your Azure OpenAI service resource. You can create a new group or use a pre-existing group.
            * Region: The location of your instance. Different locations can introduce latency, but they don't affect the runtime availability of your resource.
            * Name: A descriptive and unique name for your Azure AI Service resource, such as `aoai-intelligent-app-workshop-myid`.
            * Pricing Tier: The pricing tier for the resource. Currently, only the `Standard S0` tier is available for the Azure AI Service.
            * Check the box to acknowledge that you have read and understood all the Responsible AI notices.
        1. Click **Next**.
        1. Review default **Network** values and click **Next**
        1. On the **Tags** tab click **Next**
        1. Click **Create**.
        1. From the deployment page, wait for the deployment to complete and then click **Go to resource**
        1. Expand the **Resource Management** section in the sidebar (menu at left)
        1. Click the **Keys and Endpoint** option - you should see the following: KEY 1, KEY 2 and Endpoint.
        1. Copy the **KEY 1** value and paste it into the **apiKey** value within the `OpenAI` element in the `appsettings.json` file.
        1. Copy the **Endpoint** value and paste it as the **endpoint** value within the `OpenAI` element in the `appsettings.json` file.

            ![Azure Open AI Keys and Endpoint](./images/keys-and-endpoint.jpg)

        Next, we need to create deployments from the Azure OpenAI models.

        1. Click the **Model deployments** option in the sidebar (left menu) for Azure OpenAI resource.
        1. In the destination page, click **Manage Deployments**
        1. (Optional) You can directly navigate to the [Azure AI Foundry portal](https://oai.azure.com).

        This will take you to the Azure AI Foundry website, where we'll find the other values as described below.

    1. Create and get Azure OpenAI deployment value (from Azure AI Foundry):

        1. Navigate to [Azure AI Foundry](https://oai.azure.com) **from your resource** as described above.
        1. Click the **Deployments** tab (sidebar, left) to view currently deployed models.
        1. If your desired model is not deployed, click on **Deploy Model** then select to **Deploy Base Model**.
        1. You will need a chat completion model. For this workshop we recommend using `gpt-4o`. Select `gpt-4o` from the drop down and click **Confirm**.
        1. Accept the default `gpt-4o` values and click **Deploy**
            ![Terminal](./images/deploy-model.jpg)
        1. Update `appsettings.json` deploymentName field with your model deployment name.
        1. Use the **Deployment Name** value (e.g. gpt-4o) as the **deploymentName** value within the `OpenAI` element in the `appsettings.json` file.

1. Create Azure Bing Search v7 Service in Azure and retrieve the API Key to update newly created `appsettings.json`. This value will be needed for [Lesson 4](lesson4.md).
    1. Create Bing Search Service (from Azure Portal):
        1. Go to the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com).
        1. Click on [Create A Resource](https://ms.portal.azure.com/#create/hub)
        1. On the search bar type **Bing Search** and hit enter
        1. Locate **Bing Search v7** and click **Create**
        1. On the **Create a Bing Search Resource** page, provide the following information for the fields on the Basics tab:
            * Subscription: The Azure subscription to used for your service.
            * Resource group: The Azure resource group to contain your Bing service resource. You can create a new group or use a pre-existing group.
            * Name: A descriptive and unique name for your Bing Search Service resource, such as `bing-search-myid`.
            * Region: Global (default).
            * Pricing Tier: The pricing tier for the resource. The `F1` tier is free and recommended for testing purposes.
        1. Click **Next**.
        1. On the **Tags** tab click **Next**
        1. Click **Create**.
    1. Get the Bing Search API Key and update `appsettings.json` file:
        1. Go to the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com).
        1. On the search bar type **Bing Reources** and hit enter
        1. Locate the **Bing Service** created above and click on it.
        1. Expand **RESOURCE MANAGEMENT** and click on **Keys and Endpoint**
        1. Copy the value from **Key 1** and paste it as the **ApiKey** value within the `BingSearchService` element in the `appsettings.json` file.

1. Additionally, we need to obtain an API Key to be able to get stock prices from [polygon.io](https://polygon.io/dashboard/login). You can sign up for a free API Key by creating a login. This value will be needed for [Lesson 3](lesson3.md).
    1. Once logged in, from the [polygon.io Dashboard](https://polygon.io/dashboard) locate the **Keys** section. Copy the default key value and paste it as the **apiKey** value within the `StockService` element in the `appsettings.json` file.

By ensuring you have completed these prerequisites, you'll be well-prepared to dive into the Intelligent App Development Workshop and make the most of the hands-on learning experience.
